Update readmes to match common design (Symbology category) 2/2 (#492)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: symbology/symbol-dictionary/README.md

# Search symbol dictionary

Find symbols within the mil2525d specification that match a keyword.

![Image of search symbol dictionary](SymbolDictionary.png)

## Use case

You can use support for military symbology to allow users to report changes in the field using the correct military symbols.

## How to use the sample

By default, leaving the fields blank and hitting search will find all symbols.

> To search for certain symbols, enter text into one or more search boxes and click 'Search for symbols'. Results are shown in a list. Pressing 'Clear' will reset the search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To search for certain symbols, enter text into one or more search boxes and click "Search for symbols". Results are shown in a list. Pressing "Clear" will reset the search.
```

## How it works

1. Create a symbol dictionary with the mil2525d specification by passing the path to a .stylx file to the `SymbolDictionary.createFromFile(path)` constructor.
2. Create `StyleSymbolSearchParameters`.

> 3. Add members to the `names`, `tags`, `symbolClasses`, `categories`, and `keys` list fields of the search parameters.

Reviewer: removing these backticks since they aren't API refs
```suggestion
3. Add members to the names, tags, symbolClasses, categories, and keys list fields of the search parameters.
```
